right thank you well welcome to anatomy
of Java vulnerabilities be careful how I
say that this is your last chance
because it's all going to be secret you
can't say anything
so we lock you in for the rest of the
day okay so my name is Steve Paul I
booked for IBM I do lots of things one
of the things I do developer advocacy so
I come out and talk about stuff I've
been doing Java for a very long time
since well before it was one and I work
at open source and things like that but
mostly this is because it's a Java
advocacy a Java vulnerabilities talk
just when you ran away at IBM Oracle
whatever it's about vulnerabilities so
I'm going to take you through what an UK
would call a sheep dip
I'm going to talk with you about I'm
going to show you as much code as I can
but I'm also going to talk about some of
the realities the processes and things
like that and we're gonna try and do
that in 45 minutes so if I get
sidetracked we might pace through some
slides so bear with me so let's start
with what's important some code or in
fact add if it's a one line diff okay
it's in floating decimal stuff happens
it's had a plus one added right you
might go home so okay it fixes a bug
oh you can't see the red Kenya excellent
so that's gonna be fun right
so it fixes it back that was a real
stiff and it fixed the bug in pals
double and there's an obscure number
which you can't see because I've
obscured it right plus I wonder not even
read it now 20 2001 this was found
somebody found that if you gave Java a
string with that number in and it passed
it it went in for an infinite loop
and it sucked your CPU and it just went
and we're in turn went and this was
reported in 2001 and just sat around
nobody thought much about it well
however it's not really that sort of
irrelevant okay what people what
happened was this got found again and it
gets used as it gets using an attack
vector because if you've got code that
takes a double in and you know it's a
string and you haven't got this thing
fixed then as it gets paused by your
Java code that thread locks because it
goes into a tight spin right and
basically everybody was affected you
probably heard about this everything
goes into a tight spin and it's it's
trivial because all you got to do is
have a no content type or even some JSON
whatever it gets passed to application
from the web server and just finish the
Java code kicks in it spins right so
there we are a really really simple
denial of service thing right it cost
the industry enormous amounts of money
the reason it was so painful was because
it was so easy to exploit and we had we
had kids going oh I've got to do is just
go to your website and put this number
in the header in the right place and
your website comes down and you know
that happens a lot and people just did
it for fun all right one character well
too
right and a lot of what I'm show you is
all about this horror story that's
that's that's in our code all right and
how what you you might consider Java
Vonda Briggs you hear about them in the
press and you go that's a big thing but
actually vulnerabilities aren't big
things vulnerabilities are little things
it's how they're put together how
they're exploited okay so let's go
through what a vulnerability is so first
thing you can look at sorry I have to
read this out so I it says a
vulnerability is a bug which can be
exploited by an attacker it was a bug it
had unexpected behavior somebody
exploited it right but there all sorts
of exploits right so there's denial of
service where you just make your system
crash there are ones that drive you
drive you to use loads of memory ones
that make you do lot or networking
basically denying your service right
there exploits that reduce your
integrity they get in and change your
data they steal your data they run
arbitrary code execution and I'll show
you one of those in a minute there are
vulnerabilities that let you have a late
elevate your privilege you've got some
code running that you think is secure
because it's running under some minimal
user ID and there's a vulnerability that
makes it means that they can run it on
the route all right these are all this
is what you would call an exploit and
those exploits are created by exploiting
vulnerabilities so you might not care
right why should you care about this so
maybe once upon a time it was a academic
maybe there was nobody no bad guys out
there but right now that's not true
last year I Java one I talked about
cybercrime didn't anybody come to that
to last year anybody here yeah okay so
your simple to the slides but not much
the point is that our perception of the
bad guys has always been incorrect we've
always had this thought that there's
some guy in a bedroom
it's young 18 year old a 16 year old
he's just hacking
right but it's not like that anymore at
all right now so I become is the biggest
growing criminal activity in the world
right and so you can't see the so I'm
gonna read them out in 2016 cybercrime
was estimated to be worth four hundred
and forty five billion dollars that was
for last year this year that number will
go up would have gone up 20% right in
the whole of the illicit drugs trade was
only valued at 435 billion dollars all
right so the cyber crime industry is
taking off the criminals make more money
out of that than they do out of drugs
right it has less risks for them it's
growing the fastest it's going to be
they reckoned by the end of 2019 it
could be twenty one hundred billion
dollars and there's no sign of it
stopping and you've probably seen in the
press a lot of things happening that we
sort of expected we were predicting last
year and it's just been sad to see them
actually happening right so that's why
this is important to start getting your
head around what Java vulnerabilities
are in vulnerabilities in general and
start thinking about how you manage them
and how your behavior changes right so
let's do another one let's give another
example I have a directory this is look
good this is not red I have a directory
use a spool foo spacebar and I want to
refer to it the URL so that we are and I
put some you are encoding percentage 25
and I can create a URL URL from it and I
can create a file from it because I can
turn the URL into a file and I could
print out I could print out path or I
can print out whether it exists there we
go and I can run that Oh
a strange user spool foo percentage
twenty bar doesn't exist well no because
I forgot to decode it was in URL your
you you URL encoding so let's change
that so I use a different method like at
URI and then I do get path
and I print them out okay and now I get
the proper path the spate that
percentage is 20 is gone and of course
it true it's true it exists okay fine so
what happens if somebody created a path
for my system that had percentage 20 in
it right
so my code if somebody had done that
under the covers I had noted my code
would have said yes it exists right you
may not think that's a big deal really
the problem is is on Windows for
specifically anybody can create top
level projects right so I could I could
have some code that's the vulnerability
in this case is I'm looking for
something that's not there I'm looking
at incorrectly but somebody if they
found that in the code could create that
they geologists it to make a creep in it
okay okay maybe it's not a big deal what
happens if it was a bit more complicated
what happens if it was in if you're
happens if your extensions paths in your
JVM had a path that didn't exist and it
was incorrectly type to a percentage 20
yeah that's where part you see space on
Windows okay you might not never you
might never notice that that was
incorrectly defined in your code so your
configuration for your JVM might have
that in there but because it doesn't
exist it would never got found when
things are being searched you'd never
have noticed you didn't know that there
was something incorrect okay and that
sort of what goes on but then suppose
somebody creates that path right now
your search or algorithm is going to
look in a directory that shouldn't exist
that does exist and then can find things
so people would insert dll's alright so
that's how I could get your code to run
my code right I don't have to hack your
code I just had to look for the
particular vulnerability where you're
not decoding the file path lock properly
right again one line now actually that's
not quite what happened but it's a type
of vulnerability that we fix in the JVM
right because we had vulnerabilities
like that so the thing I want you to
start realizing is vulnerabilities are
almost always simple they're very tiny
errors right there are no massive
explosions the big thing you wouldn't
look a piece of code and go ha that's a
security vulnerability all right
it's always the joining together that
makes it makes it into an exploit ok so
let me talk about you you can't see it
ok so you're not visit you're not
looking at this because I've just said
it's little tiny bits in code you're not
thinking about it and you're probably
writing this stuff and not knowing it
not knowing about it the bad guys are
out there and they're trying to find
ways in and they're always after like
middle level execs and you know people
who are afraid of other people they've
got lot of social engineering ways of
getting in but they like targeting us
right and again the reason that I don't
know I'm projecting it sorry
don't wait there isn't much of it right
so developers why are you being targeted
there is your you are being socially
engineered people are trying to get into
your accounts get you to do things
because you know about the code you
write the code you normally run things
on your desk in elevated privileges you
have root access and stuff like that
thank you
you trust one of the most amazing things
is is the open source community where we
donate stuff to other people and other
people like ask oh thank you very much
I'll use that right I bet you that if
you have any policy about the usage of
open source stuff it'll be
about licenses it won't be about
Providence it won't be about what are
they doing to scan their code for
vulnerabilities we don't think that way
right and so you can imagine if these
guys can get changes in faking in
certain vulnerabilities or they can
figure out by licking open source they
can look at open source project and they
find a vulnerability and they then go oh
who's using this fine I'll target those
right so in general we do this stuff we
use code we use tools we don't think
about it right so you know as I said the
bad guys prey on the weak vulnerable and
ignorant all right
and that's us that's what it says that's
us so if you don't think this is true
how many of you ever done any of these
sorts of things right getting Java to
accept all search several HTTP yeah I
don't know how to trust any SSL circuit
certificate yeah very trusting trust
manager you want to go for that one go -
gugu github and do a search for very
trust manager you will get thousands of
hits right about this anybody one of
these
here's a x.509 trust manager
how many have said I'm just going to
write my own one and though I should
have should not have put it in red is
client trusted return true is server
trusted return true right I'll tell you
something else you can go Google github
for this and you will find examples of
that codified in products in
repositories people do that you can find
that you can find they're very very
trusting trust manager right people do
that and then you say it's a feature it
helps you so now we've got around to our
list not only are vulnerabilities bugs
but they're also features all right
right things that you add to make your
life easier will can easily get
exploited by people who go thank you
very much and I thought at the end if we
get to it and I'll show you one of those
right so the point is is they're
everywhere right you don't even know
you're adding them right and people are
out there there are people are paid to
find these really are researchers white
hat and black hat guys who are out
looking for this and when they find them
they there is a protocol but at some
point they will get published and then
the clock starts ticking right and at
which point you become more vulnerable
because now it's knowledge no it's no
it's out there right right so let me
talk about processes just to get this
out the way
so I need to talk to you about how we
manage vulnerabilities because it's
information that you need to have in
your head common vulnerabilities and
exposures CVEs
that's the term for the thing that
tracks the vulnerability when it's been
reported by whoever's reporting it there
will be a CDE entry and it's it's
international community so there's
there's a website si si VA doc my two
dogs it's not the only one I think
there's another one but there were
you're going to go looking for
vulnerabilities in a particular thing
because they're registered right you can
go and find all the Java ones all right
the thing is it allows us to talk about
the same vulnerability so you know you
can see it go there's a thing and the
press is talking about it or somebody
says this that thing is fixed in my
product whatever the problem problem is
it's fixed so you've got that unique tag
right so if you go to the website I
updated this this morning you can search
so I said also the pictures aren't like
the pictures aren't modern the keyword
equals Java I did the number so I went
and said how many CVS are there in the
system 1662 okay if you do more specific
searches like signs but there's a beam
shell
yeah so you can see you and one of those
as XML I think when I was serialization
yeah so you can go find bugs you can go
find CVE descriptions and if you look at
it in more detail they'll say things
like this right beam shell before to win
includes the classpath uses Java
serialization Xtreme allows remote
attackers to execute arbitrary code
right that's just a bunch right and
that's the sort of wording you get tells
you what it you've got a number targeted
etc and if you looked in more detail any
one of those that's what you're going to
find I don't think we've actually done
this but you'll go find unspecified
vulnerabilities right because we're not
gonna tell you the details right the
reason is okay sorry
oh okay the reason is that telling the
world about the details of a
vulnerability is the same as you tweet
in your pin number for your credit card
right that's how stupid it is because as
soon as you tell people oh like I found
a vulnerability and there's no fix for
it you're going to get exploit it I mean
if there is a fix you're still getting
it applied but it is that bad right so
that's why you will not find any
information about that level of detail
all right and what we do do is we score
them and there's a whole bunch of
processes for scoring them IBM's got
them other other goop companies provide
them but at the end of the day they all
come together and we have a common
scoring system and it's based on impacts
and how how difficult is to to actually
attack and things like that so you get
these sorts of words attack vectors
complexity privileges required etc and
people assess the fix the the
vulnerability they do not the assumption
that you know what you're doing and that
you're behaving sensibly right so if you
run all your systems under root when you
shouldn't then
that's your problem right we're going to
assume that you're being sent to Blair
how you execute things anyway that's how
you can look at it you can go look into
these then they work out from the scores
just whether it's a critical fix or not
because at the end of the day we've got
to put resources into fixing these
things I mean to communicate with you
about whether it's an important problem
or not important problem right those
things could change over time right the
view of the assessment of a
vulnerability might change new
information may come to light in which
case it may get you may get raised or
lowered and then we communicate to you
Oracle do CPU advisories I has similar
sorts of things you could always go find
these things
we're always communicating and we
communicate about what CVEs there are
and what products they're fixing right
and that I know and some assessment
about the criticality and that's all
you're gonna get now if you find one
we'd ask you to report it was
responsibly alright you can whether you
can report to Oracle reports to IBM
those are links and you can use that
access them from the slide deck when
they're published but there's a
reasonable way of reporting them right
now the thing is if you think you found
one report it
please don't bug about it or shout about
it or post the details look I found this
code it does this isn't this amazing
please don't do that and don't worry
about whether it's a your you think or
maybe it's not that important or not if
you think there's a vulnerability where
people who could execute remote code or
access things that they we know outside
privileges then just report it you know
and don't sell it to the bad guys I
don't know why I put that on there
because you're not going to do that and
if you are I couldn't go to stop you by
you saying that anyway but there we go
and then from the point of view of
fixing this stuff well people you know
we put on am effort into fixing fixes
and fixing vulnerabilities the
criticality will do it on how empower
critical is will also
on the fact that maybe somebody out
there is threatened that they're going
to report it unless it gets fixed you
have some people who are like that but
otherwise we'll be trying to do the best
and occasionally you'll get an after
band update with security fixes that
means something big is in there right
otherwise he just goes into the next
regular regular release okay now the
weird thing is here is that we give you
these scores for you to go check whether
it means anything to you and we tell you
what component is in and in theory I can
make statements like this which says if
it's not relevant to you you won't have
to apply it I don't use Jack's B for
instance so I don't need to put the
fixes in because they're only for Jack's
P all right the trouble I have is I'm
not gonna show you another red screen
okay this is ridiculous right if you
don't know what your code does you don't
know if you're vulnerable right so if
you don't know what your dependencies
are you don't know if you're vulnerable
the thing is we don't know what our
dependencies are you may not your
top-level dependencies are you building
maven or whatever you go y'all aya ABC
but they have dependencies too and they
have dependencies and people don't check
right so one of the things you have to
start doing is getting into the habit of
going one of my dependencies and there
are tools out there to help you there
are tools that allow us to assess you
can go find out whether a particular
version of a maven module has
vulnerabilities right that might be
complicated to get it fixed but at least
you'd be assessing it we don't do that
we as it was that group we tend to just
insert and put the next one and just do
it so we don't know what I've ulnar
abilities are okay so that's the
processes let's talk a little bit about
how these things get in the attack
vectors are how do the how do people get
the vulnerabilities in to you how do
they get so untrusted code that's the
usual way it's one of two
this is finding places where you've got
code that does bad things and I can cool
them
you'd be surprised you might have to
encode on the classpath that you didn't
know you had but as a vulnerability in
and then I find a way of actually
calling that code and that code might do
something bad like run time dot exactly
or something I might be able to you know
run code that get you to run my code or
I might find code that you've already
got as I said and run that right that
nested deliver you code I may just need
to Inc a figure a way of making your
application run the code that you've
already got and as we said right at
beginning some of this isn't about
anything other than denial of service
and there's you know you can't this and
security I know just don't stop you
spinning your CPU there's the plug-in in
the web start which is course has been
the biggest thing as far as the world is
concerned about you know producing
java's reputation as a secure
environment let's win it that's going so
let's not talk about that untrusted data
that's probably the biggest one that we
all fall feral off which is where you're
taking you're taking data in and you're
parsing it okay and it's got some bad
effects and I'll show you an example a
sec alright there's lots of parsers that
we use right and we think of pauses
mostly as text but actually there are
images there are fonts there are other
things and untrusted data has you're
reading data without validating it and
it has a side effect okay and so for
instance if you're uploading images have
you got to serve that uploads images I
had one I tried to do one a few weeks
ago server wanted me to upload an image
of myself and it said no more than worm
egg and I had an image that was
significantly bigger I uploaded it and
he didn't say hey that's that's too big
it just took it
right so nothing bad happened but that
would be a vulnerability if my uploading
an image bigger than what it said crash
the system okay but it's even more
exciting with images there was this JPEG
2000 exploit in some code which let you
upload not just pictures of kittens but
you could take there's parsing going on
your image comes up in a form and it
gets converted to into memory and as
part of that processing your code does
things and somebody's figured out there
was a buffer overflow in that code and
that by having the right image they
could get your code to run arbitrary
code right so you'd never be able to see
on the image but it was tucked away
there okay how about this one
so this is this I've given you around
because this is very well-documented and
you wouldn't and you will get this who
this is in a second the top box says
content type so this is a content type
header that's being pushed to a server
okay you do a get and you put the
content type and there's some stuff and
this is og NL which is a scripting
language and the backend is Apache
starts so Apache struts gets the gets
the payload and it says does the content
type contain multi-part form data it
doesn't care if it's well for needs can
I find those words yes then it tries to
parse it and it tries to parse it and it
goes that's not forms data so it's got
thrown exception part of the exception
process is to build a nice message that
goes back and part of that ended up
calling Oh Janelle and Oh Janelle
understood what that was and in executed
it and you can see there's an exec curl
local
all right so do you know who this is
Equifax right all right so that thing
that you've been hearing about right
was that right it was it was just a
vulnerability but because anybody could
do it because you're eager to do is post
them data you know everybody's wondering
what I can post it if you have that
vulnerability anybody can get your
system to do anything because they got
access to runtime exact right so the
other one is cryptographic cryptographic
issues practical flaws
we've probably heard about those where
if somebody figures out that that the
encryption isn't as strong as they would
expecting and they find holes in it and
for some reason these things all get
lovely names
whereas if there's a problem with the
implementation it's just a bug all right
and they have different impacts right
and you'll be able to go find these you
had a CVA website you would be able to
find these and and you better get the
details but you'd be able to get some
own sense of the impact and then there's
local things that can only be done by
people who have access to your system
like you right now they're little things
like you create files your application
creates a file and it's got
inappropriate permissions is to open or
whatever you go so what there we can
access my system okay
or you might have like I showed you the
beginning with the past you might have
something in your path doesn't exist
somebody can insert code at that
location right now these things usually
have low scores because they're assuming
that you're securing your system that
they can't actually get on it's your
system and you might think it says there
you don't think you're vulnerable to
local attacks
what about this one anybody get that
doesn't really know anybody who got that
yes so this is this wonderful wanna cry
thing alright that was local access
remote local access to your system all
right this is really bad
right so this came out in May when I
wrote this then it was still climbing
250,000 computers it encrypts the data
on your disk and how's it to ransom
holds you to ransom and then you pay the
computer owner in Bitcoin which is
untraceable because you can't you don't
know it's all anonymous ownership it
cuts in the Box there but our it reads
so in the UK we had National Health
National Service other hospitals
cancelled operations because they were
hit by it in India all the ATMs closed
Nissan had to stop all its production
Renault halted its production right
partly because they had these really old
systems but you know what a cry got in
there all right
the really ironic thing is is that it
turned out that the guys who did this
then blogged about the fact that it
wasn't much of a success for them they
didn't get anywhere near as much money
as they expected right and so they're
gonna have another go I want you to
realize that getting access to your
server even if you think it's in a
datacenter is also good it is not it's
not impossible and if they get access to
your desktop machine and your desktop as
a developer you might have better access
to these things they get in right so
more examples of vulnerabilities
serialization how many people use the
serialization yeah everybody uses
sterilization
there's a concept called gadget tight
chains all right so what happens here is
people figure out what code you've got
and then they start constructing
specific serialization forms so if you
don't pass your serialization data when
it comes in and I've seen examples of
people who use
serialization see realized form of Java
and they store it in a cookie on the
browser so they just it comes back and
they just deserialize it which is just
the wrong thing to do but you can
imagine that if you've got serialized
for if people can construct see realized
forms of data all right and there are
places in this realization process where
that's just easy you just read an object
well okay what's in the data that tells
you what an object it is there's
something you don't have any control
over it
this serialization process is reading
what the string what the form says right
and you have lots of instances of people
crafting serialize a serialized data pay
it payloads right so there's some
theorization filtering coming in to make
that better to make it allow you to be
to whiteness things you're going to
accept right rather than completely
random code but we've known about it for
years
and then there was a patchy commons
exploit that brought it to the fore all
right and then you go fix it but as i
said the thing about this one is is that
so many people use that don't do
anything this allows data you you send
it to a server you receive it and you
don't think about the fact that you
could be getting totally bogus civilized
form right or you can be doing things
like this which is even more bogus jdw p
java debug wire protocol the thing you
use when you want to connect your
debugger it's turned on it's turned off
i mean a certain large bank leader they
turn it on
they made it available externally the
thing about jdw p is is there's no
security so if you can access the debug
port you can do whatever you want so you
can imagine somebody found this
researcher found it just a simple port
scan found the DWP port no it can't be
this simple
Farber debugger yeah into the bank I've
got the content and in fact more than
that I can I've got
debugger right people do that write some
more code because I'm sure you want to
see some more code this isn't this is a
this example is about how weak I can be
our own worst enemies in other ways so
lots of code here but basically it's a
properties object helpful classloader
and there's a low class helpfully method
and what happens is you get given a
string and you do cluster for name and
if it doesn't find it it says I couldn't
find it and here's the name of the thing
you asked before and it's got a little
tiny properties thing so what happens is
I say load class for I've got a handle
and I've got a real class name so I go
low class more food and I go to the map
and I go what what's the key what key is
foo what's the value try and find it
doesn't work so I come back and I say
couldn't find it right so I've got my
return I run that I return something
like this so class for default equals
class food off string handler okay
so that's the output message and then am
I going to go bear with me on using the
tracker so now if I ask for class foo so
the default workspace for class foo it
says it says could not create class for
handler foo with value calm IBM runtimes
demo dot foo okay so I couldn't find it
good
there we go next to this okay so what
happens if you see it says low class I
should go back didn't point out to you
let me get back to section you can see
it's under the trying it's got low class
helpfully with the name of the key so I
did defaults and then I did foo what
happens if I put something that's got no
expectation of being in my properties
file Java yet ext dot does okay what do
I get back
well I get an exception and I get could
not create class before handler Java dot
home okay that didn't work about it with
value here's the value of my java dot
home where did that come from
that wasn't in my properties file well
my properties file was backed by system
don't get properties okay
so what happens when you do a get on
properties when in that case it says
can't find it in New York your instance
I go back to the backing properties
which case of system dot properties
right so now I can ask for anything
that's in your system dot properties
right imagine if this class was about
you've got a you've got had key any got
of values of the values of class playing
the key I could be a handler name it
could be anything so imagine you've got
something like XML which has a bunch of
values and it says use this handler
right and then the code takes that
handler and goes to york this lovely
little code and says what's the class
name for this handler to do the parsing
okay fine and then somebody puts in that
XML something like Java dot home
and it doesn't work it fails but the
error message gets percolated back so
the the guy attacking your system
because you were helpful in telling them
what the problem what they tried to use
and what the value was because you've
done that piece because you've fed about
good information
they now have full access so they can
sit there are wander through your system
right so something like that that's sort
of a couple with the URL decoder this is
what creates fun exploits all right I
had a helpful one root our helpful piece
of code I have a remote execution code
tool okay I put them together and I'm
compromised because I've got I've got a
one a cry type thing to deliver some
remote execution code and I've got ways
of coming in and finding information
from your system and between the two of
those I can completely export your
system all right so we've got to add two
of under braces a bug in a feature it's
also a developer aid if you are helpful
every time you were helpful to yourself
all right every time you're helpful to
yourself you run the risk of being
helpful for these attackers it's the
little things that wired together that
do that so when you're thinking about
this when you're thinking about being
helpful think about the downsides of the
information you're sharing right because
it's little things like that that let
people in
so I've about 10 minutes left so let's
go through the summary here which
unfortunately is in red and white so
what can you do alright so I've said two
things to you like all the codes every
code has vulnerabilities when we
discovered them we don't tell you any
details you've seen that they could be
little tiny bits of code there something
big smoking gun here so there are a
couple of things
the very first one obviously is keep
current every fix that you can find you
should be applying and I say that and
people grow now but that means it will
disable my system so the challenge
you've got to have is do you want a safe
system or a stable system actually want
both right so the good news is that
things like micro service is where we
start to compartmentalize our
applications is making it easier our
deployment models where we're trying to
starting to deploy in scale services and
version services they help too because
you can actually you're actually in a
mode already of testing things so you
can actually deploy faster and test
write and reduce the risk all right but
it's that separation those bulkheads are
the ship that we need to create right
you've got to get to the point where a
single compromise isn't gonna bring your
system down right you have to look at
your levels of helpfulness and
flexibility the number of times you've
probably sat there and said well yeah
this will work and if I just made this
change it'll do something extra it'll be
more useful more flexible and every time
you do that you run the risk of somebody
exploiting that flexibility right so
that's what you've got to start thinking
about when you're designing your java
your giant design your api's are you
validating your data and you're looking
at the flexibility you know this if if
this guy passes in star I can do
anything you know it's those sorts of
what's the value to you versus the value
the value for the attacker I would
encourage you all to go read about
penetration testing even if you are not
somebody who says they work
on you know close to the front door if
you go learn about penetration testing
you will see what the guys are doing to
get into your system right there are
professional penetration testers and
they do the social engineering they will
phone you up and convince you that
they're there your mother and that will
give you your pass codes
you know they very good at getting
information out out from you and they're
very good at getting into your system
right there was a talk earlier this week
about secure coding guidelines it's a
bit of a dry document but that is also
something really really worth working
looking at that tells you from a Java
point of view what and what is good and
what is bad right good good good
guidelines they're my last line is all
about understanding the risk and it
really is about you understanding your
role in this in this as a developer you
are no longer free just to write the
code that you want you've got to think
all the time odds what are you doing to
make it making your system more open
right and is that what you need to do
and that's the biggest thing here so I
think I've said most of this already
there are some other things we'd asked
you not to do so
keeping your up to up-to-date absolutely
use vulnerability scanning tools there
are lots of vulnerability scanning tools
if you want to find out whether your
mavens got maven downloads have got
vulnerabilities there are tools for that
if you want to know whether your docker
image has got vulnerabilities there are
tools for that there are lots of tools
out there to let you understand your
position and you should be looking
around those there are certain things
we'd ask you not to do generally don't
write custom security managers no
trusting trusting trusting please don't
write your own crypto code don't think
they're hashing is encryption don't
write XML custom XML parsers basically
the trade-off is between you doing
yourself and getting it right versus
getting it wrong whereas if you lay if
you rely on other people yes your
possibility of getting
some vulnerabilities but you've got a
lot more people investing their time and
effort making sure those things are
correct and keep your whatever
encryption protocols you you're using as
soon as the next one comes out you have
to move to it right just like TLS all
right their vulnerabilities were found
in those protocols so that's why you
know we you've seen all these things
like browsers and that moving up the
level of TLS that they support because
the old ones are bogus and broken so
you're just supporting yourself if you
continue to use them yeah and then
generally be very uncomfortable very
careful with untrusted code think about
D serialization I would I say have a
good look at why you're using
serialization and whether you should use
something else there are other forms of
serialization and you know JDP etc and
exit so there are bad guys out there
and they're out to get you right it's
your job to friend they're happening by
being more informed starting to change
the way that you behave right and just
generally not ignoring it and that's it
thank you
[Applause]